Add subsection for CVC for completeness (#1669)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/simulator_support.rst

    make SIM=nvc

To enable display of VHPI traces, use ``SIM_ARGS=--vhpi-trace make ...``.

.. _sim-cvc:

Tachyon DA CVC
==============

In order to use `Tachyon DA <http://www.tachyon-da.com/>`_'s `CVC <https://github.com/cambridgehackers/open-src-cvc>`_ simulator,
set :make:var:`SIM` to ``cvc``:

.. code-block:: bash

    make SIM=cvc

> Note that cocotb is using CVC's interpreted mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that cocotb's makefile is using CVC's interpreted mode.
```
